Description of Results of Analysis of Weather by Latitude

1.  By examining the plot of the Latitude vs. Temperature it is clear that the closer the city is to 
    the equator, the higher the temperatue is likely to be.  As we move away from the equater in both
    the northern and southern directions, the temperature decreases.  This plot is also intersting in
    that is shows few results below -50 degrees latitude.  This is because there are very few cities
    below -50 degrees latitude, since it is mostly open ocean or sparsely populated Antarctica.  Above
    +50 degrees latitude, there are large parts of North America, Europe, and Asia, thus many cities
    in the sample.

2. Based on the chart of Humidity vs Latitude, there does not appear to be much of relatonship
   between the humidity and latitude.  However, we have to keep in mind that this is based on just
   a snapshot of weather on a particular day and my not be representative of overall humidity patterns.
   For example, if it were raining on the day this data was pulled in a particular city that generally has 
   low humidity, it would show that the humidity was high.  I suspect that if we looked at an 
   annual average instead of just a snapshot, we might see more of a relationship.

3. Based on chart of Cloudiness vs Latitude, there also does not appear to be much of a relationship
   However, as mentioned above, I believe that this may be due to just looking at a single snapshot of
   the weather on a particular day.  I believe that if we looked at an annual avergage, we would see
   a relationship.  

4. On November 14th 2019 I would not have wanted to be in Tasiilaq, Greenland.  Although, the temperature
   of around 33 degrees Fahrenheit was not too bad compared to other cities in the sample, the wind speed
   of over 50 mph would have made for a very unpleasant day if you needed to go outside. However, based
   on the website below, I believe it is a place that I would like to visit during the summer.    

   https://visitgreenland.com/destinations/tasiilaq/